sap-systems-ext: update extension name and readme (#3849)
SAP/open-ux-tools: packages/sap-systems-ext-webapp/README.md

> # Connection Manager for SAP Systems Webapp 

Author: Updated with brackets

> This web application is part of the **Connection Manager for SAP Systems** extension. It provides the frontend interface that enables users to view, configure, and manage SAP system connections directly within the IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This web application is part of the **Connection Manager for SAP Systems** extension. It provides the front-end interface that enables users to view, configure, and manage SAP system connections directly within the IDE.
```
